# Neptune

## Overture

A neo-noir set in ruthlessly corporate America. Our hero, David, a serial,
sleezy entrepreneur who is always hustling but can never seem to make it in any
of his ventures.

One day, he's approached by an old acquaintance, Dick, who *strongly* suggests
he apply for a job at his company. Despite having no relevant qualifications,
David gets the job as the company's CFO due to some sweet-talking on Dick's
part.

Dick, of course, is just looking to have the CFO in his pocket. He's chosen
David as someone he sees as being weak and easy to push around, a patsy. David
has no idea he's being used, and sees this as the big break he finally needed in
order to make something of himself.

Kim, Dick's executive rival, realizes what Dick is up to, and makes a play of
her own. She invites David out for a dinner meeting, and seduces him. David
finds himself being the pawn between Kim and Dick's game of chess, as they both
make moves to secede Zackary as the CEO.

## Plot Points

David is outside of a client's office. He's pacing back and forth; he's got some
bad news to tell them. However, he's invested all of his cash into this venture,
and it's looking pretty grim as soon as they hear. The meeting was their idea.

He decides to doctor some of the work in an attempt to make it look more
reasonable. The audience is exposed to how sleazy this dude is; but it's
justified -- he needs the money for rent, literally all of his money is riding
on this.

David does a sloppy job of the whole affair, and when he gets called into the
office, his pitch is immediately derailed. The clients find the flaws, and throw
him out. With his money gone, he heads down the bar to wallow. He's a regular.
Everyone recognizes him.

He's overheard talking to the barman about his troubles, and a mysterious figure
(Dick) sweeps in. He sweet-talks David, lends him a few bucks, and convinces him
to come to the job interview the next day. David isn't sure "I have no relevant
experience," but Dick brushes that aside. "It's upper management. Nobody has any
relevant experience. But you have hustle, and that's the kind of thing we need."

David attends the interview. He is always about to say the wrong thing, but Dick
continually cuts him off and steers everything clear. But things are fishy
immediately. Everyone is TOO NICE. Dick puts his arm around David's shoulder.
"Looking forward to working with you, David. We're going to do great things
together."

Zach, the CEO, is rumored to be stepping down, in order to fulfill his lifelong
desire to build a scale replica of a pirate ship. He's way into looting,
pillaging and plundering. Zach is completely useless, who's made his way in the
world by being attractive and charismatic. He is too dumb to play politics, and
so they just bounce right off of him. His office is filled with paintings of
pirates -- several of them self-done. He insists on wearing a tri corn pirate
hat to meetings, saying it gives him the veneer of ruthlessness that he needs as
the head of a multinational corporation.

The company makes a living by cheating people out of their money somehow. It was
Zach's only claim to fame. David isn't thrilled when he learns this, "but hey, a
buck is a buck."

